docs: update Docker instructions across platforms (#315)
aica-technology/api: docs/docs/reference/manual-installation-launch.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

import MacosDockerAdvanced from './assets/macos-docker-advanced.png'
import MacosDockerResources from './assets/macos-docker-resources.png'

# Manual installation and launch

The following sections explain how to install and launch AICA Core and any additional packages manually from the command
line without the use of AICA Launcher. The pre-requisites are still a valid license and a host with Docker installed.
For the rest of this guide, it will be assumed that a valid license has been saved to a file called `aica-license.toml`
on the host machine.

## Configuring Docker on your Linux or MacOS system 

<details>
<summary>Linux</summary>

### Configuring your system when Docker Desktop for Linux is installed

> If you are using Linux but do not have Docker Desktop for Linux installed, you may skip this section entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Linux with Docker Engine only, you may skip this section entirely.
```

means you now can not use Docker with elevated privileges (e.g., external devices, forwarding graphics, ...) and that 
some AICA Launcher functionalities will not work out-of-the-box (e.g., attaching to a terminal). 

> ##### Configuring the Docker context

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Configuring the Docker context
```

:::

</details>

<details>
<summary>MacOS</summary>

### Configuring and using Docker Desktop

If you installed Docker Desktop, all the requirements should already be present on your system. Note that to access
the `docker` command through the terminal, Docker Desktop must be running.

The default settings of Docker Desktop are usually sufficient for everything AICA Studio needs. However, in some cases
(e.g., settings carried over from older Docker Desktop installations) you may need to verify the following:

- Go to the Settings menu (usually located at the top right as a gear icon), then click on Advanced and make sure to 
`Allow the default Docker socket to be used (requires password)` and `Allow privileged port mapping (requires password)`.

<div class="text--center">
  <img src={MacosDockerAdvanced} alt="Required advanced options" />
</div>

- If you notice any performance issues, go to Resources in the Settings menu and increase the CPU and memory limits to
your application's needs.

<div class="text--center">
  <img src={MacosDockerResources} alt="Optional resource allocation" />
</div>

> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
